yes he is very determined and going back
to somewhere in a very very straight
line this is super encouraging this is
exactly what lionesses do when they've
got tiddlers I will put money on the
fact that in those bushes she's got a
little surprise for us we're just gonna
keep back keep back keep back see what's
going on that's it she's going in
I could see her just ducked in the
bushes I can't see anything else maybe
she's just resting Oh
[Music]
right in the government the deep deep
deep deep in there
[Music]
they are tiny
that is gorgeous
[Music]
she's got two tiny cups they are you
know more than a week old ears are still
folded almost flat they're blind very
wobbly they can hardly walk or move or
turn mouths are a religious gorgeous the
Cubs have tiny spots like a leopard
they'll fade as the Cubs get older but
they're great camouflage for the moment
are they are exquisite
[Music]
well here we are in the season of
renewal and she Tippie as I now referred
to her has got her own young family
[Music]
they are completely helpless 100%
dependent on her for everything from
milkis that's all they're getting they
really got teeth yet she's just totally
chilled totally relaxed which is lovely
[Music]
what amazing thing to find
is made a beautiful illustration of just
how tender and attentive a massive root
of a predator like that can be
[Music]
the future of the salt Springs pride
looks to be secure
you